---
title: Nov 30th, 2020
---

## Submitted a pull request to [ledger2beancount](https://github.com/beancount/ledger2beancount) #ct
### The ledger2beancount app is a perl script that converts a ledger file to a beancount file.
### The main reason is that beancount has an [analytics app](https://github.com/beancount/fava) to analyze your ledger accounts.
### Enable user to run ledger2beancount from a Docker image. Read [issue #239](https://github.com/beancount/ledger2beancount/issues/239) on how to use the Docker image.
## These are channels that can be subscribed:
### Existent lovable feature #ct
#### Instagram
#### YouTube
### Non-existent lovable feature #it
#### E-Mail (requires a form, autoresponder)
#### RSS (requires a feed)
#### Telegram (requires a python bot, server)
### Existent bloat #cf
#### Facebook
#### Twitter
### Non-existent bloat #if
#### E-Mail (requires a form, autoresponder)
#### RSS (requires a feed)
#### Telegram (requires a python bot, server)
## My idea is to take an existent channel that can be subscribed, and create an automated votd #ct
### Requires both Twitter API account and GitHub action
### Bot tweets daily, at UTC+16, which is 8am in PST time, e.g. Los Angeles
### This idea already exists, and presented beautifully with images. @VerseOfTheDay @VOTDBibleDaily
## Alternatively, bring a local flavor to an existent channel #it
### Archbishop William's communion prayer during mass is local, unique and spiritual.
### Archbishop William's sermon during mass is local, unique and spiritual.
### However, we need a text summarizer to convert to a tweet.
